Now before we get into the technical content I want to share some tips and tricks with regards to the
Udemy interface.
This will hopefully make the interface a lot more understandable and a lot more usable.
Now the first thing is you can increase the speed of the video.
Some people find that I speak too slowly.
So if you find that I'm speaking too slowly then simply speed me up.
I personally like to watch videos at two times the speed.
So I'll set this to two times.
But you could change the speed up and once again if I'm speaking too quickly then slow me down.
So reduce the speed of the video.
You can increase the sound levels by clicking here.
You can look at the video transcript over here.
Close captions can be set on or off some videos will have close captions created others are automatically
generated but you can specify your captions settings through this interface.
You can also go full screen if you prefer.
If you want to watch a full screen I'm going to press escape to go back to normal size.
You can use the slider to move the video to a specific point if you like.
Now what's really important is I'm often sharing resources.
So if you want resources then click on the Resources button to download resources.
So have a look on the left up here for the resources Udemy sometimes change the interface it used to
be on the right but now it's on the left.
So just have a look on the Udemy interface to make sure that you can find the resources they may change
the interface off.
I've recorded this notice there's also Q and A so you can ask a question or you can read previous questions
and answers that have been posted.
You can also make your own notes and any announcements that have been made will be displayed here.
Now the settings cog gives you access to a whole bunch of settings including video playback quality
if the video playback quality is per then simply increase the video playback resolution to say 720 P
you can specify whether you want video to order play from one video to the other.
That means as soon as one video finishes it'll auto play the next video.
You can also download lectures that have been marked for download.
That depends on the instructor.
I often allow students to download my lectures.
There are various useful keyboard shortcuts such as using spacebar to play or pause the video left arrow
key allows you to go back five seconds right.
Iraqi allows you to go forward five seconds.
You can change the video speed by using keyboard shortcuts and there are various other useful keyboard
shortcuts available through the Udemy interface.
You can also report technical issues and report abuse through this interface.
So a whole bunch of really useful options are available when you click on the cog.
Now a big tip that I want to give you is once again go and have a look at my YouTube channel.
Go and follow me on social media if you want a whole bunch of stuff for free.
I post daily questions on Twitter and other social media platforms such as Instagram.
So if you want free additional content then follow me on social media and if you want to watch free
videos have a look at my YouTube channel.
I have over 900 videos posted on my YouTube channel.
Lots of free content covering a whole range of topics available on my YouTube channel.
OK so without further ado let's get into the technical content and make sure that you can learn something
that's of value to you.